.TH owo 1 "March 26, 2020" "version 2.0.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
owo \- make use of whats-th.is file upload and link shortening functionality

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B owo
[\-hvb] [\-t TYPE] [\-n NAME] [\-u FILE] [\-l URL] [FILE...]
.PP DESCRIPTION
Upload FILE(s) or shorten URL via api.awau.moe.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fP
show a help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-v\fP
show version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-b\fP
don't buffer standard input to disk, default type to 'application/octet\-stream'
.TP
\fB\-t\fP \fUTYPE\fP
override file \fUTYPE\fP
\fB\-n\fP \fUNAME\fP
override file \fUNAME\fP
.TP
\fB\-u\fP \fUFILE\fP
upload \fUFILE\fP
.TP
\fB\-l\fP  \fUURL\fP
shorten \fUURL\fP

.SH CONFIGURATION
.PP
.B owo
can be configured using options, the environment, and the configuration files,
in that order. The configuration file (which is sourced as part of the script,
providing environment variables) may be located at
.I ~/.oworc
or
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/owo/oworc
or, if
.I XDG_CONFIG_HOME
is not present, at
.I ~/.config/owo/oworc\fP;
An example configuration is provided as part of the distribution
at
.I share/owo/oworc
at the installation
.I PREFIX\fP,
usually
.I /usr/local\fP;
It is recommended to follow the variable setting convention specified in the
example configuration when writing your own. A list of environment variables for use in
or outside the configuration file follows.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OWO_KEY=
Your whats-th.is key.
.TP
OWO_ASSOCIATED=
Whether to use associated. Set to any string to enable, leave unset or empty to disable
.TP
OWO_DOMAIN=owo.whats-th.is
Domain to use when outputting results.
.TP
OWO_NO_BUFFER=
Setting this variable to a non-empty value is equivalent to setting \-b;
Set to any string to disable buffering, leave unset or empty to leave it enabled.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.B owo
returns a zero exit status if it succeeds in performing all given tasks.
Non-zero status is returned in case of failure.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.TP
Upload file:
.B owo
\-u foo.bar
.TP
Shorten link:
.B owo
\-l 'https://example.org/'
.TP
Take X screenshot via maim and upload it:
.B maim
\-s |
.B owo
\-t image/png \-n _.png \-
.TP
Upload file and copy resulting URL to X clipboard:
.B owo
\-u foo.bar |
.B xclip
\-i \-selection clipboard

.SH AUTHOR
OwO <devs@whats-th.is>, Auri <me@aurieh.me>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
You may report any bugs you find to our issue tracker:
<https://owo.codes/whats-this/owo.sh/issues>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2019 OwO <devs@whats-th.is>, Auri <me@aurieh.me>, licensed under
GPLv3-only: GNU GPL version 3 only <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. This is
free software; you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY,
to the extent permitted by law.

.SH SEE ALSO
curl(1), maim(1), xclip(1)
